Cleaver Greene. How do you do?
You're so dirty.
And filthy, you know?
I'm happy when I'm with you.
Guess that's why I got the big bucks.
No, just explaining to your wife here
that she's secretly in love with me.
- Is that a ring?
- Congratulations.
- When did this happen?
- Who's the poor bastard?
- Bevan.
- This is Melissa.
Hi.
So, have you met Cleaver Green before?
David is a warm-hearted man who loves me,
but I don't know why... when things
turned to shit, I came to you.
♪ Baba-daba-da... ♪
He's a beautiful student.
She is your teacher! It
is age-inappropriate sex!
It's bloody great sex.
Who did you screw?
Let's have nothing more
to do with each other. OK?
I used to be a prostitute, Scarlet.
This is Missy?
- Small world, huh?
- Because... gosh, it paid well.
Oh, my God, Cleaver Greene!
- That's how you know him, isn't it?
- David and I have split.
Come here, you bloody fool.
I love you all, most of all you.
This whole relationship has just
been one long series of sorrys!
At least we had a few good years.
How's Barney?
Things are not great at the moment.
That's the one.
It was a one-off. It
won't come to anything.
It's been pretty full-on. We're in love.
It's Sally from across the road.
Yeah, I like him.
My best mate's happiness
is hanging by a thread!
Nicole!
I bloody told you not to interfere!
David Potter and I did not have sex.
Oh, I'm sure you didn't.
That's just politics, Engles.
Come on, darling.
You know me.
My feelings never get displaced,
they just get added to.
- Oh!
- Oh...
- Listen...
- I've left Bevan.
What?!
She's pregnant and the baby's mine.
Barney has cancer.
It is the greatest thing
that has ever happened to me.
So he's lost a ball and
he's fathered a baby.
David, it's over.
We're getting married, mate.
Ah!
She was my wife first!
So let's do this.
I had sex last night. She was riding me...
You're in a confessional box.
Hi, Dad. This is Patience.
- Patience, how do you do?
- We're in love.
Wendy and Roger...
Roger's a drug dealer.
- What?!
- Right!
Oh!
- I'm Wendy. I'm his ex.
- Felicity. Right. Wendy. Of course.
- It's back.
- What's back?
The cancer.
I really appreciate this, mate.
I'm trying to undo the bloody thing.
Ah! Oh, for the love of God!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
See, my parents grew up
in an age of certainty.
Christmas holidays in the same place
every year, same friends, same jobs.
There was a kind of confidence
in the... in the everyday,
in the quotidian.
I did...
Karly, you haven't touched your kale.
Look, you know, they knew who
they were, where they belonged,
what the future held.
- You can't escape kale these days.
- I know.
One minute it doesn't exist,
the next minute it's taken
over every meal on the planet.
Stock market surges and plunges.
Islamic terrorists blowing themselves up.
Something bad is in the air
out that window, I tell you.
Well, that's just bullshit.
The world is exactly the
same as it always has been.
The last century was the
bloodiest in history.
Disagree, Paul.
More than 200 million
people died in wars alone.
You ask ordinary people out there
-- friends, people at my office --
no-one feels safe anymore.
Well, of course they don't.
It's not in the media's interest
to make anyone feel safe.
Here he goes again.
Advertising is sold on
the back of our paranoia.
I mean, the odds of something
exceptionally bad happening to you
are about 20,000 to 1.
You know what Carl Jung said --
by the year 2000, we would all be
in such a state of psychic turmoil
that we would no longer be
able to predict outcomes.
Yea, well, Jung was Swiss.
His idea of turmoil was a train
running five seconds late.
We're just a little bit indulgent
to be suffering all this angst
while we're sitting in this
beautiful house with a glorious view
eating perfectly cooked scampi
and quaffing Provencal rose.
The world is a scarier place now, Paul.
Well, then stop watching 24-hour news,
stop listening to moron shock
jocks, reading celebrity tweets,
and you'll find that this whole
globe just keeps on turning.
And our little lives
remain as predictable as...
- Ah! Oh! Oh, my God!
- Shit! Cleaver!
Oh, my GOD! Oh, my God!
Grab the rope! Grab the fucking...
Cut the rope!
Oh, my God!
- Cut the rope!
- Oh!
Don't leave me up here! Cleaver!
Ed?
Ed Thompson?
SHIT!
OK. Morphine's kicking in. How's
the neck? Check his tongue.
Pressure's stable. Stats are good.
My dreams of your image
That blossoms arose
In the deeps of my heart.
Tell me, have you
evacuated your bowels yet?
In a million-to-one accident,
a runaway balloon minus its pilot
soared high above Sydney Harbour,
one man dangling precariously
from a rope beneath
and another man trapped
in the basket above.
Crashed through the window, and
he grabbed at the table, and...
If it hadn't been for Paul here
grabbing the knife and cutting the rope...
Where's Paul?
Paul was the hero.
Paul was... He cut the rope.
Otherwise, that poor man
would still be up there.
OK. What is so significant, I need to
be dragged from a performance review?
This is Caitlin Farquhar.
She's a journalist with...
Yes. I don't care. Why is she here?
This.
.. minus its pilot soared
high about Sydney Harbour,
one man dangling precariously from a...
Yeah, I know all about it. I mean,
why is this of interest to me?
The man in the background,
at the right of frame.
It's a fuckin' balloon accident.
I'm Assistant Commissioner of Police.
I don't deal with fuckin' balloons.
This is the man who cut the rope
of the guy hanging from the balloon.
- Tick-tock.
- No, no. Look. Keep looking.
See, he keeps his head down,
puts up a hand to his face.
I wanted to interview him,
but he disappeared on me.
See how he's shuffling
away at the edge of frame?
So he hates publicity. I mean,
really? You called me down for this?
No, I called you down...
.. for this.
Taken from the surveillance
camera in the next street.
He makes the fatal mistake of looking up.
It's Edgar Thompson.
Country's most wanted '97 through '99.
He's aged a bit, but it's him.
Thompson escaped 19 years ago.
I mean, he's either dead
or living somewhere in the south of
France or the jungles of Nicaragua.
Yeah, that's the conventional wisdom,
but I checked, and his mother...
Apparently he was very
close to his mother.
.. is dying, and we reckon he's
come out of hiding to see her.
I checked with Customs.
Seems that this man...
Payolo, Pallo... sio...
Paolo Palacios Quintanilla
entered the country
on a Guatemalan passport.
Got him.
- Maybe.
- It's him, Ruth!
Come on.
No-one's wanted to track this
bastard down more than you.
Yeah, it's been 19 very
long years, I'll admit that.
OK.
But tread carefully, Waz.
You know, the last thing we need is
another mistaken identity fuck-up.
That'd be the third this month.
So no tasers.
- Do you understand?
- Yeah.
Uh... Good job.
The identity of the man
still in the balloon
is at this point unknown,
but police and safety officers
hold grave fears for his life.
Both the Australian and New
Zealand navies, meanwhile,
are trying to track the
balloon's trajectory.
What a strange way to end a life --
in a balloon ascending to a
heaven I never really believed in.
Strange, like most of my life.
I thought my cancer would kill me.
Instead it was Cleaver
and this bloody balloon.
I don't want to be filled with regrets.
But I am.
Mostly I'm sorry that I
didn't love more and better.
I held back giving love from
fear it would swallow me up.
Embrace it with passion and joy.
This is all there is.
To Scarlet, the first
great love of my life...
.. I only hope...
.. that David will treat you well
and you find the happiness you deserve.
Of course now up here in the
heavens, all this seems so trivial.
Up here I can love you all.
I wish we could've made it work.
But especially to my beautiful Nicole...
.. my great and wonderful saviour,
I adore you,
and I...
Shit! Fuckin' battery!
Go on.
Whatever is out there,
be it bloody Rapture,
be it nothing...
.. I am here...
.. incomplete...
.. unready...
.. but yours!
Ah.
Hello. Welcome back to
the land of the living.
How's my little fella doing?
- Ooh, he's a little fella!
- What are you doing?
Daddy's boy. Uh...
Holy shit.
- What?
What?
You just look a little... older.
Did you sleep OK?
- Yes, thank you.
- Uh...
- This isn't our bedroom, is it? - No.
What's...
Is this the nurse/patient
thing that we discussed?
You discussed. No.
The funniest thing...
- What?
- Ha-ha-ha!
I ran into... I ran into Ed Thompson.
- Oh, did you?
- Yeah.
I thought he was on holidays in Colombia.
He's not on holidays. He's skipping bail.
What... what year do you think it is?
Bail? Hello!
We just got a postcard
from him on the fridge.
- Oh, Cleave.
- Ah?
I think it might be time for
you to have a little nap.
No, no, don't go. Don't go,
don't go. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Daddy's boy.
Ooh, Daddy's little baby boy!
Yeah.
I'm still thinking Finnegan.
- Don't you think?
- Yeah?
Proud Irish name.
Fuck, I love you.
I'm sorry about the last couple of years.
I'm gonna be good now. I swear.
No more women?
No more women. No more wine.
Ed and I made a pact --
no more marching powder.
That silly drug.
(Isn't it? It's so boring.)
Everybody just...
Fucking love you.
I'm a changed man.
- Oh, my God.
- Do you believe me?
- You have to believe me, OK?
- Oh...
This is the new me you're talking
to. What are you laughing at?
'Cause I think that you
think you actually mean it.
I do mean it.
I do mean it, my darling.
Hey, is Barn coming in?
Not today.
I gotta talk to him.
He cannot marry Scarlet.
It's never gonna last.
She's got a roving eye, that girl.
A roving eye.
Roving...
Bloody hell. He's still alive.
OK. Take it easy there.
Heaven or hell?
Yeah, bit of both, eh?
New Zealand, bro.
We found the balloon guy, and
he's alive and responsive.
We need to get an ambulance.
He's alive!
I just spoke to him. He's alive.
They're flying him home in two days!
We're here today on the beach...
Oh, my goodness!
.. Australian balloon
has landed and our...
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, look!
Look, there he is, Mum!
Mr Meagher is currently under observation
at Auckland City Hospital.
Hey, you.
Hey, you. Hi.
Look, this... this whole thing with
Barney has been a really big deal,
especially for the kids.
I understand. I don't have to stay.
I just wanted to drop this off
to celebrate the good news.
Isn't it great about Barney?
- 50,000 to 1, they're saying.
- Yeah. It's wonderful.
But I...
But not now. Right.
Everything's still up in the air. Ha.
Another time. Soon.
No, wait. Wait.
Actually, why don't you
come in and say hello?
They are over the moon at the moment.
We can just tell them that
you're an old friend of Dad's
and you're here to celebrate.
Oh... You don't think telling
them I'm a friend of their dad's
might make things a little
trickier in the longer term?
- Why?
- Well...
When you and I eventually
come out in the open -- soon --
I'd like them to know me without
the pressure of seeing me
as some sort of stepfather figure who...
Zoe.
This is David.
He's an old friend of Daddy's.
Hello.
- Hey.
- Hey. How are you?
How's the head?
Oh, little rough round the edges.
I don't know. You tell me...
.. pussycat.
Pussycat?
Will it hurt if I lay down next to you?
If I said you had a beautiful
body, would you hold it against me?
Oh, you had me out of my mind with worry.
Well...
.. I have that effect on people.
So... how's...
.. how's everything?
All good your end?
You are out of it, aren't you?
Little bit, yeah.
I, um...
.. I oiled the chair today.
- Did you?
- Mmm.
I couldn't stop thinking about you.
I think it's the most beautiful
thing anyone's ever given me.
- The chair...
- Mmm.
The chair...
Danish, handcrafted, guaranteed
not to hurt a living soul.
Mmm.
Do you remember who I am?
Yes!
- Who am I?
- Uh...
Look, OK, my memory's not quite up
to snuff, alright, at the moment.
I hope this doesn't... muddy the waters,
but I'm... really trying to put
my marriage back on the rails.
Oh, your marriage.
We're actually having a baby.
- Mmm. - So... you know,
I'm changing my life.
Oh, of course you are. Mmm.
- I'm sorry.
- Mmm.
Having said that...
.. I always keep a little, um... gap
in my diary on Thursday afternoons
for, you know, just...
.. little treats.
Oh.
So your wife is having a baby?
Baby boy. Finnegan, we think.
Mm-hm. But we can fuck
on Thursday afternoons.
Oh, not just fuck. Lunch too.
Oh.
And, you know, slap-up.
Wow. Really?
- Mmm, good lunch and a root?
- Mmm.
And this is what you want
on Thursday afternoons
in your heart of hearts?
Mm-hm.
If... um, Thursdays are tricky,
I can always move things on Wednesday.
The chair...
Felicity! Felicity!
Felicity!
I'm sorry. It was the drugs.
It was the drugs. I've been
in a drug-induced coma.
You weren't in a coma.
You just had drugs,
and the poor fools didn't realise
just how many drugs you need
to conceal your true self.
I'm sensing an issue here.
You hit on me 15 seconds ago.
What's the problem with that?
You kindly offered me a good lunch
and a root on Thursday afternoons.
OK. Look, look, look,
look -- I was in a...
With the drugs, alright?
I was in the past.
It's not the past, Cleaver.
Your past and present
just sing in harmony.
That is who you are. It's your nature.
I can't be with someone I can't trust.
It's just... it's too exhausting.
Can you... Oh, just...
Honestly, cut me a little
bit of slack, alright?
I've just gone through a fucking window
dangling from a hot air balloon.
Yeah, it's just another day
at the office for you, Cleave.
Goodbye.
Oh, come on. Oh, come on!
Oh, Felicity!
Edgar...
Oh, fucking shitting hell.
Kids, what did we say
about phones at dinner?
Hmm?
Kids!
We have a guest.
So, guys, how are we all doing?
Our father nearly died today.
Well, yes. Isn't he great he... didn't?
We love him very much, you know.
Well, he's brave and
wonderful man, your father.
Must be very proud.
What did we say about
phones at dinner, Mum?
It's work. I have to take it.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Fuck!
How many charges? OK, look, OK.
Listen to me, Brian -- you need to
stop speaking now. I'll come down.
Um...
So...
I, uh... I have a client
who needs urgent help.
I recently got him out on bail, but
he's done some things that are...
.. not good.
Oh.
Uh... Well, um... that's OK.
I'm happy to hang with the kids.
- (Thank you.)
- (Yeah.)
- Look, I'll be an hour, tops.
- Mmm.
Bye, Mum.
There she goes.
OK? See you soon.
Love you.
Hold it where you are! Freeze!
Get that bloke! Get him!
- Tasers!
- No! No! No tasers!
Come on.
You're making a big mistake here.
Don't think so, Edgar.
We know who you are.
I know who I am.
Just saying when I learn your name,
you'll realise you've made a big mistake.
In my father's house,
there are many jail cells and
many people to join me there.
Nice dress.
OK, guys. Who's up for a game of Monopoly?
We don't have that app.
Well, it's not an app.
It's the real thing.
And guess who happened
to bring a set with him?
Guys?
Can you please get me a doctor?
I... I... actually asked to
see a doctor a decade ago.
He'll see you when he does his
rounds -- just enjoy your meal.
Oh, this is a meal?
I actually think there
might have been a mistake.
I suspect this was meant for pathology.
From the smell, I would say that
this is a vitamised stool sample
from a patient with a
lifelong bowel obstruction
which suddenly cleared,
and someone in the kitchen -- and
I'm not levelling blame here --
has mistaken it for food,
put garnish around it
and given it a name -- chicken korma.
Oh, come on. Can you just get me a doctor?
I've got to get the
garnished fuck out of here!
Oh.
Not so good?
It was...
It'll get better.
What went wrong?
Monopoly.
Mum!
It's Dad, it's Dad!
You...
.. my beautiful, beautiful children.
How I wish I could be about
to see you grow into the terrific
people I know you'll become.
Grab it, guys.
Embrace it with passion and joy.
This is all there is.
To Scarlet...
.. the first great love of my life...
.. I only wish I'd had more
understanding of who we were
and who we would become.
That night you spent with
Cleaver made me want to die.
I only hope that David
will treat you well,
and you find the happiness you deserve.
Because now up here, in the heavens...
.. all those things seem so trivial.
What have I told you kids about
using these things after 9:00?
Now, go... go to bed.
What is that?
I'm hoping it's Vegemite.
To Scarlet, the first
great love of my life...
I only wish I'd had more
understanding of who we were
and who we'd become.
I wish we could've made it work.
Beautiful, resonant words,
now beamed around the world from
a hero who thought he was dying.
Hooray, hooray, he's alive.
At 5:57pm yesterday,
officers from this department
arrested Edgar Allen Thompson
outside an aged care facility.
As you know, Mr. Thompson is
wanted on 126 separate charges
ranging from murder to drug dealing,
weapons smuggling, extortion
and bribing public officials.
I do not need to remind the media
to be extremely careful with
the way you manage this story.
Barney, how are you, mate?
Now, I understand you're
poised to hop onto a plane
and head back into the
arms of your loved ones.
Tell me, how does it
feel to be a hero, mate?
Oh, not a hero, Cal.
Just a cold guy in a basket.
Well, forgive me if I choose to differ.
I mean, the odds of surviving
what you went through
must be a billion to one.
Well, they're estimating 50,000
to 1, but I was very lucky.
Mate, buy a lottery ticket.
Millions of us across the world
shared what you thought at the
time were your parting words.
They did? How?
Well, I don't mind saying
that this old stormtrooper here
shed a quiet tear.
I hope I go out saying
something that profound.
Well, I don't remember what I said,
but being up in the air
gives you time to reflect.
Did someone download my phone?
On your monitor now.
I'm just going to put you
on hold there, Barney.
Seems we have a newsflash.
- Meg, what's up?
- Thanks, Cal.
Yes, in breaking news, a big win
for the New South Wales Police today
as they swooped in and
arrested Edgar Thompson,
the number one most wanted man
in the country '97 through '99.
Ex-lawyer Thompson flew out of the country
despite having surrendered his passport
at his initial bail hearing 19 years ago.
How this occurred is only one of
countless questions to be answered
in what may prove to be
the trial of the century.
More details at 5:00. Back to you, Cal.
Uh...
Three years ago we faced
annihilation as a party.
And now we're almost level
pegging in some of the polls.
With a by-election in
the Hunter coming up,
we're getting some momentum back.
We've done the hard yards, we've
publicly confronted our demons,
we've got rid of the...
.. got rid of the corruption and dead wood
that's been eating away at this party.
Now, I know it's been painful but...
Has there been another bomb scare?
Edgar Thompson's just been arrested.
So? How does that affect anyone in here?
Oh, no.
Oh, God no, please!
What don't I know that I need to know?
Would you excuse me for just a tick?
(Oh, Jesus!)
Don't tell me to calm down!
I will not calm down while that man
is unsafely under lock and key!
I mean, what in God's name
is he doing in the country
in the first place?
I thought he was nicely tucked
away in some estate outside Moscow.
- His mother is dying.
- Oh, big shit!
Everyone's mother dies at some point!
Couldn't he have bought her
flowers or something?! Jesus.
And what overzealous prick
arrested him in the first place?
I mean, Jesus, it's in no-one's
interest to have him incarcerated.
He has greased a shitload
of palms, Morris.
Well, how likely is he to spill the beans?
It's not a question of
Ed spilling the beans.
It's a question of making
sure the beans don't talk,
that the beans have been
strangled with razor wire
and shot point blank
through their bean skulls
in front of their bean children!
This affects both sides.
Surely we can shut him down?
I mean, the man's already in solitary.
Ed Thompson's never in solitary, Morris.
He is connected in arcane ways
to everyone and everything in this city.
Maybe even this planet.
A lot of people are going to die now.
This, uh... Guatemalan passport of yours.
It's a good fake. Where'd you get it?
It's not a fake, detective.
I became a Guatemalan
citizen 15 years ago.
Really? Why's that?
It's just that the
moment I set foot there,
I realised I'd found my spiritual home.
Of course, I'll be seeking my
country's consular assistance
in order to avoid an
unjust custodial sentence.
I'm a very close personal
friend of President Zacapa.
Funny word, that isn't it, 'custodial'?
Not really very threatening at all.
More like a sort of a ballroom dance.
"Care to join me in a custodial?"
How about prison then, hmm?
- How about the slammer?
- That's better.
More threat.
Conjures up a solid image of deprivation.
Jesus, I could murder a drink right now.
You probably fancy a drink
too, don't you, Warwick?
I mean, isn't that why you and
Grace are having counselling?
An addiction is nothing to be ashamed of.
We all have our little weaknesses.
I myself am particularly
susceptible to colds.
Turn it off.
I'll not see Warwick
humiliated in this way.
Do not turn it back on until I say so.
It's a tough job keeping a marriage
together these days, isn't it?
I mean, God knows I struggled.
There you are, you and Grace --
15 years together, two lovely children.
Take a break, detective.
I thought I sensed you
there behind the lens.
We're alone now.
My love. So many years.
I'm... I'm so sorry about all this.
I just... It was beyond my control.
I know, I know. It wasn't your fault.
But I couldn't stop them.
I understand.
Mmm...
My darling...
.. the years have been kinder to
you than they have been to me.
It's been an eternity.
Just... just to see your face.
You were there with me, the whole time.
In the pouring deluge, in
those brooding mountains...
.. you were there the whole time.
I, uh... I don't know how to stop this.
Fortunately, I do.
Some old acquaintances are going
to come by and seek you out.
You're going to explain to each of them
that I'm feeling... a little bit upset,
a little bit let-down,
that my patience is not infinite...
.. and that I genuinely do know
where the bodies are buried.
What are the odds of hanging
upside down from a balloon
and crashing through that particular
window with Ed Thompson inside?
I mean, it's gotta be a million...
.. that's got to be a
quintillion to one or something.
That's monkeys typing Shakespeare.
- Who is this Ed Thompson guy?
- Who's Ed Thompson?
Well, anybody who's been close to Ed...
Well, most of them are dead right now.
But we'll be right, mate. Don't you worry.
Um... I'll go get the car.
I'll come with you. I'm
bipedal, for Christ sakes!
No, hospital policy, apparently.
Anyway, I parked a mile away.
I'll be five minutes.
For God's sakes, keep to the left,
Fuzzy, in the hospital environs.
On your right!
Oh. Sorry.
You go through.
Yeah, trying to, but
you've gotta move back.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Hey!
Yep. Whoa, it's alright, mate. Just move!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, well just... spin it round.
- Bloody hell.
Ow! You... fuckin' idiot!
- Sorry, sorry.
- I said move back.
Yeah, alright. Believe
me, I'm trying, mate.
I'm not your mate.
I said sorry, alright?
Yeah, and what are you sorry for?
Jamming my hand or just
being a total arsehole?
What's with you?
Like I give a shit for your sorry.
It was an accident, ace.
Oh, I'm fuckin' ace now, am I?
Another fuckin' wheelie
telling me to pull my head in?
Oh, it's a miracle!
I can walk!
Oh, I can walk!
Oh! Oh, take me to the water!
Hey, you want a piece of me, mate?
- Sure, I want a piece.
- You want a piece?
You want a piece of this, huh?
Come on, come on. Have a...
Yeah, well you give it your best shot.
- Come on. Come on,
Fluffy, have a go. - Huh?
- Best shot.
- Come on, then.
Ooh! Ooh, you scared?
Have a go. Have a go mate, huh?
Huh?
Oh, shit!
Fuckin' turd.
Oh, God.
What do you say to a
little stroll, Cleave?
Get a bit of fresh air.
Put this in.
- Hello?
- Cleave!
Cleave.
Sorry -- we didn't get to catch
up much the other day, did we?
Uh, hi, Ed.
Um... yeah, no, I've just
been released from hospital.
I'm pretty crook, actually.
They reckon I need to rest up.
Well, you know, the funny thing is,
I so don't care.
I need you to get me bail, Cleaver.
You'd do that for an old
friend, wouldn't you?
You want me to get you bail?
Mate, they're not going to give you bail.
You should know that better than anyone.
The things we value most
are the things we fight for.
Ed, given that you bolted last time,
the number of serious charges,
the number of curiously
related and subsequent deaths,
I really can't see any judge
giving you bail, mate,
as short-sighted as that may seem.
Cleaver, if I brief you, you can't
possibly testify against me.
Everything you know about
me then becomes privileged.
It's the only strategy I could think of
that didn't involve having you killed.
And I'm doing it because at heart
I'm really just an old sentimentalist.
Look, I... I could try for home
detention with an ankle bracelet.
Cleaver,
"Lay this unto your breast
"Old friends, like old swords
Still are trusted best."
You're not sick of seeing
sunsets yet, are you Cleaver?
Not really, no.
There you are, then.
Bye, Cleave.
Shit! Fuck! Fuck!
Where have you been?
Oh, I got in a f... Well, someone hit me.
- What?
- While you were in a wheelchair?
What kind of arsehole
hits a guy in a wheelchair?
Oh, let's just get the
screaming Jesus out of here.
I'm a sitting duck.
OK, well... where am I going?
I don't know -- anywhere.
I can't go to my place.
Let's just drive round in circles.
Hang out together.
No, I'm staying at Monique's.
Perfect. We'll stay at Monique's.
Who's Monique?
Girl I met a few nights
back. It's no go, Cleave.
Oh, God, it's like looking
in a circus mirror.
What about Felicity's?
I'm afraid that ship has sailed.
Barney and Nicole's?
Ah, I suspect I'm about to
be offered an alternative.
Dad!
Just be careful!
- Hey, mate.
- Barney, welcome home.
How are you feeling?
Dad!
My beautiful girl.
My boy.
So wonderful to see you together.
Is there something you'd like to say?
Excuse us.
We've got three children who
are bursting through their skin
to be with their dad.
As you can imagine, it's been a...
.. well, three days filled
with tears and grief,
so they need to spend
some time with father.
Thank you.
In we go.
I need to get to Nicole.
Just one photo before you go in.
I know you've got another baby,
but can you please spend some time
with the children who can
recognise your face first?
Scarlet! One more photo? Barney!
Just a smile together,
the two of you. Scarlet!
It's really good to see you.
And you.
As you can imagine, it's been a...
.. well, three days filled
with tears and grief,
so they need to spend some
time with their father.
Barney, is there anything
else you'd like to say?
Let's get inside.
Thank you very much.
Not a word.
So there he is, back in the
loving arms of his family.
His chances of surviving
this ordeal have been...
- OK.
- I want to sit here, Zoe.
No! Go away.
Relax!
Little monkey!
Dad!
Hey, hey, be careful with your Dad.
- Dad... Dad, do a face!
- Dad, here. Take one with me.
Ha-ha, tricked ya!
I'm not letting you take a picture
'cause you wouldn't let me have your...
I take it your GPS is buggered.
And there is some overarching theme
as to why you brought us here, yeah?
Are we sharing a sunset?
This state is rancid.
It's poison at every level.
Oh, you just got a hold of that? I
could have told you back in Redfern.
You would have saved on petrol.
This Thompson case is going to shake
New South Wales to its foundations.
To be fair, we had pretty dodgy
foundations to start with.
This trial changes that.
Hundreds will fall, I promise you.
I don't care what it takes.
I will make this city decent.
Well, good for you, mate.
Now, can I... can I
just go to bed, please?
- Anybody's...
- It's time for you to choose a side.
You were Edgar Thompson's
associate, his understudy.
You were privy to all his
private conversations,
all his business dealings.
Yeah, I was the associate
in his firm, mate.
I didn't know about any
of the other stuff.
Anyway, he's hired me as his lawyer now,
so I'm bound to client confidentiality...
Don't you fuckin' ethic
me. Don't you ethic me.
I know damn well why he hired you --
so you can't give evidence against him.
You cooperate with me,
'cause I can hurt you 10
times harder than he can.
Oh, I don't think so, mate.
He's very good at hurting people.
These are invoices, signed off by you,
from when you worked with him.
Yeah, Ed used to get me to
do his cheque requisitions.
Of course he did -- so
his name wasn't on them.
This little cheque here --
3rd of August 1996, to
a triad in Hong Kong.
This one here to a bikie gang.
All with your name on them.
There's no statute of limitations on this.
Now, you help me, or you share
a cell with him for life.
I just want to know where
all the dirt is buried.
Great.
A brutal and probably fairly
brief life behind bars
if I don't cooperate,
and certain death if I do.
There's no third option that
involves San Tropez, is there?
I can guarantee your safety.
Mate, if you can guarantee my safety,
why have you brought us out
to fuck stains nowhere?
I don't trust people, but I
can find you a safe place.
- I can't do this.
- Yes, you can.
The bail hearing will fail.
After it's finished,
you exit the side door,
you go across Oxford Street and
you go to the Court House Hotel.
You try and be inconspicuous.
And I'll be waiting for you, OK?
Make mine a Schoeffenbrau.
Oh, no, just drop me at a train station.
You need some time to
consider your options.
Oh, come on! Don't give me...
Fuck is wrong with you?
I'm really... I'm sore.
I went through a window!
Alright?
I've been in hospital, you know, mate.
With... very serious injuries.
Rage, rage Against the dying of the light.
Hello!
Nickybabe, I'm home!
Oh, hi! Welcome back.
- Don't I get a kiss?
- Yeah, 'course. 'Course.
Nice to see you.
I made it. I survived.
Bit of frostbite on the
fingers, but otherwise OK.
I know! 50,000 to 1.
Good for you.
There's a lot of interest in my story.
The telly sent a limo to pick me up...
So how was your night?
Oh.
- I, uh, I tried calling.
- Mm-hm.
You didn't answer.
Then I just fell asleep.
OK. There it is, then.
The kids wanted to see me.
The press were there. I was trapped.
- OK, you saw the mobile footage. - Yep.
Or should I say the absence of it,
because everything on that phone
went viral except any mention of me.
What you didn't hear, because
the bloody battery died,
was me saying how much I adore
you, that you are my saviour.
Oh, all I heard
was how much you wish things
had worked out with Scarlet.
And then she turns out to
be your first port of call.
Nic, I thought this was my last message.
It was never meant to
go to the entire world.
And I promise you, whilst
I did say those things...
Yes. Of course. The battery.
I'm not lying.
No, I don't remember saying that you were.
Oh, go and say hi to our child.
He didn't catch the broadcast.
Thanks, Maria. Yes, it's good to be home.
Cleave, we made it.
I... I gotta crash here and
we gotta get Ed Thompson bail.
What do you mean, we've got
to get Ed Thompson bail?
You're... You're unbelievable.
- Unbelievable!
- What?
You do know I almost died in that balloon?
You almost...?
Mate, I was the one dangling
like a fucking tea bag in the sky
in a kind of Bear Grylls'
extreme survival scenario,
and crashing through plate glass and shit.
- Hypothermia.
- Oh, you were off on a kind of...
I mean, all due respect -- a kind
of Contiki tour of New Zealand.
- Potential permanent lung damage.
- Oh, mate, can we...?
- Look at this. Look at...
- This!
- Frostbite!
- Look... look at that.
And this whole... The whole
area here, they reckon it's...
Up in there, it's done.
- That's done.
- Done, years ago. Self-inflicted.
Listen, listen!
We're all very tired and exhausted, OK?
It's been a difficult time.
I need you to know that Ed Thompson
is serious about needing representation.
Oh, forget it, Cleave. I'm
not going anywhere near him.
Are you crazy?
It's too big. I can't do it by myself.
He'll never get bail.
I know that! It's not the point, mate.
I know that. We all know that.
It's just I need to show that I tried,
and then he might leave me
alone with one little limb.
Get out, Cleave.
He's gonna kill me.
- I hope he's aware there's a queue!
- Will you keep it down!
Oh, that's a nice warm welcome.
Warmth isn't exactly in
my toolbox as we speak.
Oh, for God's sake, I
told you, the battery died.
Battery? What are you two talking about?
Hey, what do you need, Cleaver?
I heard something about a bail
application. Serious, is it?
Yes. Very serious, as a
matter of fact, Nicole.
'Cause I have been thinking
that I have had my little break,
but I am bored, frankly,
and maybe it's time I came back to work.
- Don't do this.
- Great!
So what have we got here?
A juicy little murder?
Yes, well, quite a few juicy
little murders, actually.
- Even better.
- Yeah, yeah.
Some drug smuggling, extortion...
Mmm.
.. money laundering, arms dealing.
Fantastic.
Great. GREAT.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
You are just gonna be so great in there
and I am gonna be with you the whole time.
Just one second.
Mama, I'm already here.
Cleaver.
I have a message from Mr. Thompson.
"The day is lived and done
"The reeling sun
"Hurries away to foster life elsewhere."
Sunsets, right?
No bloody idea.
Sunsets.
All rise.
Right.
I understand we have
an application for bail.
I presume you are opposing
the application, Mr. O'Connor?
We certainly are, Your Honour.
The charges against Edgar
Thompson are so shocking
and he has already demonstrated
himself as a flight risk.
We believe he poses a grave risk
to the community if granted bail.
Mr. Greene?
Your Honour, with respect,
I suspect my friend here
might be embroidering the facts
somewhat for the joy of the media
and for his own political ambitions.
This is a pretty standard old,
run-of-the-mill bail application.
The man was found with 12 passports
at the time of his arrest.
Your Honour, he has been
on the run for 19 years.
There are 126 charges.
Every authority in
Australia was after him.
But did he know that this was the case?
I mean, my understanding is that my client
was leading a pretty
quiet, monastic existence
studying the flora and fauna
of the jungles of Guatemala
and blissfully unaware of the
goings-on of the outside world.
Your Honour, these are
very serious charges,
all of which must have
taken considerable time
and effort in the planning,
and I happen to have here
my client's time sheets
from the firm at which he was a partner
for the relevant 33-month period.
Now, all of these bills
were paid without dispute,
and they average 17.5 hours per day.
What a surprise, Mr. Greene. Are you done?
Um, Your Honour,
my client simply would not have
had the time to be a criminal.
Right. Are you done, Mr. Greene?
Um, my client's mother...
.. is very sick.
Yes, that's a pity.
The application is denied.
He... He can just crash at my joint.
The night is shattered.
The blue stars shiver in the distance.
- Is that a sunset?
- No.
It's night.
God.
Hey. Cleave. You're on a
hiding to nothing with that one.
Feeling left up in the air, mate?
Warwick!
Oh, shit. Oh, shit.
Oh, shit!
Wendy, you've got to get in
the car and come and get me.
I'm... I'm in Foster Street
in Darlinghurst, alright?
Yes, it is a matter of life and death,
as a matter of fact, smarty pants.
Hey, Cleave.
Greene.
Your Honour.
Are you OK?
- Drive!
- Where?
Just drive! Drive, drive!
Copyright Australian
Broadcasting Corporation
Yes. Yes.
Hi. Murray.
Stop attacking Ed Thompson.
It will not end well.
He must feel like he
has been alive FOREVER!
Are you ashamed of yourself?
- Oh, yes!
- I'll give you a ride.
- Where's Cleaver?
- I don't know.
Oh, God!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org